Privacy Policy
NikSaen Games has created the app as an app for free. This SERVICE is provided by NikSaen Games free of charge and is intended to be used as is.

This page is used to inform visitors about my policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information I collect is used to provide and improve the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone other than as described in this Privacy Policy.

Collection and use of information
For the convenience of using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable username information. The information that I have requested will be stored on your device and will not be collected by me in any way.
The app uses third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Log data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in the event of an application error, I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called "Log Data". This log data may include information such as your device's IP address, device name, operating system version, application configuration when using my Service, and the time and date you used the Service. , and other statistics.

Safety
I value your trust in providing us with your personal information, so we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure or reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to other sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third party link, you will be redirected to that site. Please note that these external sites do not belong to me. Therefore, I highly recommend that you read the Privacy Policy of these websites. I do not control and am not responsible for the content, privacy policies or actions of any third party sites or services.

Children's privacy
These Services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In the event that I discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided me with personal information, I will immediately delete it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you know that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so I can take the necessary action.
Changes to this Privacy Policy

I may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, you are encouraged to periodically review this page for changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting a new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is valid from July 17, 2021.